Update version and mark new features (#14)
neo4j/docs-spark: modules/ROOT/pages/configuration.adoc

4+|*Driver options*

|`url`
a|The url of the Neo4j instance to connect to.

> When provided with a comma-separated list of URIs, link:[Resolver function] feature of the driver will be activated, and the first URI will be used as original host while the rest are treated as resolver function outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When provided with a comma-separated list of URIs, the link:https://neo4j.com/docs/java-manual/current/client-applications/#java-driver-resolver-function[resolver function] feature of the driver will be activated.
The first URI will be used as original host while the rest are treated as resolver function outputs.
```

|_(none)_
|Yes

|`authentication.type`
a|
The authentication methods to be used:

* `none`
* `basic`
* `kerberos`
* `custom`

> * `bearer` label:new[Introduced in 5.1]

Reviewer: Do you think if we make it shorter like this, it's still understandable? It just looks better on the website

```suggestion
* `bearer` label:new[v.5.1]
```
